file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Wed May  8 12:59:20 2024
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	1023	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	1206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	1926	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2637	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2892	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2901	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2943	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2949	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	2967	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	3024	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	3138	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	3144	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	3168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	3264	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	5811	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	6882	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	7374	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	7401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	7407	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	2A_region	3883	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather ACA. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
N/A	2B_region	4216	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GGT. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
N/A	2C_region	4711	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GGT. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3A_region	5811	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3A_region	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	3A_region	5716	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GGC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
N/A	3B_region	6001	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GCG. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
N/A	3C_region	6082	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather AGC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3D_region	6882	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3D_region	7374	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3D_region	7401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3D_region	7407	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	3D_region	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	3D_region	6652	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather TCC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	L_region	1023	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	L_region	1206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	L_region	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP0_region	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP0_region	1926	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP0_region	2310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP0_region	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	VP0_region	1270	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GGC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP1_region	3138	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP1_region	3144	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP1_region	3168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP1_region	3264	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP1_region	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	VP1_region	3043	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather GGC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2637	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2892	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2901	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2943	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2949	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	2967	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	3024	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_A.vcf	VP3_region	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	VP3_region	2374	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather CAC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	NA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	NA	8007	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	NA	8013	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	NA	8016	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	3D_region	8007	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	3D_region	8013	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	3D_region	8016	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	3D_region	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	VP0_region	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_AJ34_6_2_SI_MKV1_WG_B.vcf	VP0_region	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Wed May  8 13:00:10 2024. The process took 50.00 secs, i.e., 0 mins and 50.00 secs
